at i : - 7 = r : “a He ‘
University of South Carolina : eo ae ia ed << Pa
Division of Law Enforcement and eric ] F “ me P ; ; -
— A * ‘ae Re 8

Ea i = 4

v 7 yy, atte ere ae

Fire Safety, Report
ae for Years 2019-2021

J a

ne far ;

 
University of South Carolina
2022 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report for Calendar Years 2019-2021

Public & Safety Statistics for the Columbia Campus

The Report . 2... eR EEE Rn en ne ne ee te te ene ee te ee ee
Annual Disclosure of Crime Statistics and Preparing the Report .. 2... 6. ce cc ce te ee ee ee ee

The Division of Law Enforcement and Safety

About the Division 2.0.0. 0. 6 ee ee en ee ee ee ee ee te ee eee ee eee eZ

Enforcement Authority and Training. .. 0... 6. ck ce ee ce ee ee tee te ee ee te ee eee ee ee 8

Interagency Cooperation . oe ee ee 8

Reporting Criminal Incidents and Other Emergencies

Reporting to the Division of Law Enforcement and Safety .. 0.0... ck ee ce ce ee te ee eee ee ee ae
Campus Security Authorities. 2. 0.0... ce ce ee ne ne nen ne nee nn ee ee tee de tee en ee
Emergency Call Boxes 2. 6... kk ce ne en nn nn ne nee bn te nen nn te ee tee ee ee ae
Daily Crime Log 2... ce ce ee nn eR nn ne ne ne nnn ee nn te ee eee te eee

Sexual Assault, Domestic Violence, Dating Violence, Relationship Violence and Stalking

What is CONsent?.. 2. 6k en nn en nn nen Re ee be ee ee ee be be ee te ne ne ee

Definitions of Sexual Assault, Domestic Violence, Dating Violence, and Stalking . .. 2... 6. 0. 6. ce cee ee ee

Interpersonal Violence: acts of relationship violence including domestic violence,

dating violence, sexual assault, stalking, and harassment. .. 2... 0. 6. ce ce ce ce en ee ne ee ee ee ae
Criminal Investigation... 2. 6. 6. 66 ck ne en ne tk ee en ee te te ee ee ae
Rights of Victims 2. 0... ke en en Rn Ee eee ee ee ee te ee ee
University Administrative Inquiries 2. 0. 0. .  ce e e c ee ene ne ne ene tne nn nee ee eee te ee ee
Office of Civil Rights and Title IX... 6. 0. kk ce ee ne ne ee eee ee ee ee
Office of Student Conduct and Academic Integrity... 2... 0... ce ce ce te ne ne ee te tee te te ee ee
Rights of the ACCUSEr 2... kc ee en En eee en ee ee ee ee
Rights of the Accused 2... 1. kk ee en ee eee ee ne ee eee ee
Possible Sanctions 2... 6. kk ce ce en ne eR nn ne ee nn tn eee ne ne ee tn ee ee
No Contact Letters and Restraining Orders .. 2. 6. 0... ce ce ce ne ee ee ee ee ee ee ae
Notification of OUtcOMES «2... ce ne nn nn ne ee be te ee en nee ne ne ae
Appeals. 2.0. 0 kn nn Rn Rn ee ee de te ed te te en ee te ee
Sexual Assault and Violence Intervention & Prevention Office (SAVIP) 20... 0 ck cc ce ce ce ce ce ee ee ee ee ce ee ee ee ee ae
Guidelines for Assistance for Sexual Assault Victims. 2... 6. 0. kk ce ce ce ee te ee ne te eee ee tee ee
Sexual Assault, Relationship, and Dating Violence Programs. .. 2... 6.6. 6. ce ec ce ee ee ee ee te ee ee ee ae
Gamecocks Stand Up - Bystander Accountability Program «2. 6. 6. ok ke cc ce ee tee ee tee ee ee ne ee ee
Changing Carolina Peer Leaders 2... 6. 0. ee en tee ee ee ee ee ae
SAVIP Presentations and Training . 2... 2. 6. ee ce cc ne ee ne ee ee ee ee ee ae
Confidential Reporting of Crime and Other Serious Incidents .. 2.6. 6. 6. ck ce ce ce ce te te ee ee ee ee ae

Crime Prevention

Role of DLES in Crime Prevention . 2. 2... 6... ce ce ee nn en eee en ee de ee ne ee ee ee
Role of Housing Staff in Crime Prevention .. 2... 6. 6. cc ce en en te ee ee be ee ee ee ee ee ee
Training for Housing Staff... 0. 6. nn ne en ee be de ne te ee en te ee ee
Crime Prevention Education for Residential Students .. 2. 2. 6. 6. 6. ke ce ee te te te ee te ee ee ee ae

11
12
12
12

14
15

15
16
16
17
17
17
18
18
19
19
20
20
21
22
22
23
23
23
25

27
28
28
28
Other Crime Prevention Programs .. 2.6... 0 ec ek te en ee te ee eee ee
Monitoring and Recording Criminal Activity Including Off-Campus Organizations
Access to Campus Facilities... 2.0. 0. 2 kc ne ne ne ee te ee ee ee ee te ee ee
Residence Halls... 6. 0. ok ec ce ee ce ee nn en ne nn ne ne ne enn Ree nn te ne tee te ea ee

Classrooms .......

Athletic Stadiums, Coliseums, and Arenas. 2.0.0.6 cc cc ce ce ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ne ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee
Garages/Parking Lots 2. 0. 0... ke ce cee ee nn en nee ee een ne nn ne ne ne te tee te te ee ee ee
General CAMPUS .. 6. kn EE Rn Re en ne ne ee ee ee ene ee ee
Security Considerations in the Maintenance of Campus Facilities... 0.0... kc ce ce ee ce ee ne eee
Missing Resident Students
Reporting a Missing Student. .. 2... 6. en ee eee eee ee ee ee
Courtesy and Student Welfare Inspections .. 2... 2. kk ce ce ee te ee tn ne ne te te tn eee ee nee ee
Timely Warning Notices (Crime Alerts, Campus Safety Advisories, and their Distribution)
Policies for Making Timely Warning Reports to Members of the Campus Community ... 2. 6... ee ee ee
Circumstances for Which a Warning Will Be Issued 2. 2. 0. 0. kc ce ee ne te ee te ee en ee te eee
Ways Warnings are Disseminated . 2... 0. kk ce ee cee cee ne ee en ne nn eee be te eee en tee ee
Emergency Response, Notification, and Evacuation
Activation Authority . 2.0... ce ce ce ce en ne eee nn ee en nen eet bn te ete en tee ee

Confirmation of an Emergency

Determining Where on Campus to Send Notifications . 2. 6. 6. 6. ck kk ce ee te te te ee ee ee ee ae
Communication Media... 6... kc ce ee nn ne ee nn ee en ne eee ee tn eee ee tee ee
Determination of Message Content . 2. 2. 6. ec cc en ee tne ee ee ee ee ee ae
Initiating the Notification System . 6... ce ce ee ne ne nn ne ne ne etn ee en nee ne ne ae
Follow-Up Communication .. 0... 00 6. en ee ene ee ne ee ee ee ae
Disseminating Information to the Surrounding Community .. 2... 0. 6. ce ce ce ce ce ee te ee tee ee ee ae
Emergency Notification Tests 2... 0. ok ce ee ce ce ne en nen en ne ne ee en te en nee ee eee
Alcohol And Drug Policies and Programs To Prevent Alcohol and Drug Abuse
Policy regarding the possession, use, and sale of alcoholic beverages . 2... ee ce ee ce ee ee te ee ne ee ae
Guidelines for Students 2. 0... ce ce ce en ne ne nen nn ee en ne ee net dn tee en tee ee
Policy regarding the possession, use, and sale of illegal drugs . 2... 6. kk cc ce ee te ne ee ee ne ee tee
Substance Abuse Prevention and Education. .. 0.6... ke ce ce ce ce ce ee tee nn nen ee tee de eee ee ee
Educational Programs .. .. 6... ke en ee ee een ed ee en ee ee ee ee ae
Criminal statistics
How We Compile These Statistics... kk ce ne ne en ee ee tn te ee eee ee ee ee ae
Community Crime Map... en ne ne ee ee ee ee ee

Sex Offender Data

Crime Data 2. 0... ke ee ne nn RE nn Re ne te be ee te te be te ee ne ee
Criminal Statistics for Index Crimes .. 0. 6. ok en ee tk en eee ee ee ee ae
Criminal Statistics for VAWA Offenses 2... 6. 0. ce ne ne te en ee te ee eee eae
Criminal Arrests for Violations for Illegal Weapons, Drugs, & Alcohol .. 2... 6. 6. ck ce ce ee te ce te ee ee ae
Disciplinary Referrals for Illegal Weapons, Drugs, & Alcohol . 2. 6. 6. kc ce ee te te ne te ee ee ee ne eee
Hate Crimes 20... ee ne nn ee en ne ee tn ee be ee te eee ne te ee ae

Unfounded Crimes .. 2... 0... 000,
Annual Security and Fire Safety Report

Fire LOG. 6. ke eR eR ne nn ne nnn Ree ne nn te te ne ee ne te ee

Education, Training, Drills, Evacuation, Reporting

Portable Electrical Appliances and Open Flames... .. 2... 6. 6. ce ce ce ee en ee tee ee ee et ee ee

29

31
31

Libraries and Other Public Buildings. .. 2... 6... ce ce ce en ee eee ee ee et ee ee
.31

31

31
32
32

34
34

36

36

37

39

..39

39
40
40
4
4
4
4

43
43
44
44
44

46
46

.. 46

46
48
48
49
49
49

.. 49

.51
51

52
Misuse of Fire Alarms and Safety Equipment .. 2... 6. 6. ce ce ce ce ee ne te ne ene te en nee ee ne ae
Plans for Future Improvement... 2... 6. 06 ce ce ce ee nn ee ee ee ee ee te ee ee ee
Fire Alarm System Monitoring and Fire Extinguishers .. 2... 0. 6. ce ce ce ce ee ce ene tee ee tee te tee te te ee
University Residential Facilities. 2... 6... ke ce ee ee nn ne ee ne tn ne en te ne ee nee ee ee ae
Fires at University Residential Facilities. 2... 0... ke ce ce ee nee nn tee ee tet be tee de te nee

52

52
52

53

.53
te
UNIVERSITY OF

(fin SOUTH CAROLINA

FOR CALENDAR YEARS 2019-2021

Annual Security and Fire Safety Report

Each year, the University of South Carolina compiles and provides the Annual Security

and Fire Safety Report to current and future members of the Carolina Community The
Division of Law Enforcement and Safety (DLES) performs this task in compliance with

the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act,
referred to as the “Clery Act”, and also in accordance with the Division's mission to create a
safe and peaceful environment for all students, faculty, staff and visitors of the University of

South Carolina.

The Report

The University of South Carolina, Columbia Campus’Annual Security and Fire Safety Report is compiled by the Division of Law Enforce-
mentand Safety (DLES). The Division takes great pride in protecting and serving the Carolina Communityand is committed tothe safety
of all students, faculty, staff, and visitors

The Division works with departments, units and individuals throughout the University to ensure accurate information and statistics
provided in this report. Information conceming University policies may be found at http:/Avww.sc.edu/policies

Theinformation inthis reportwas prepared bythe University tomakecurrentand prospective studentsaswellasemployeesawareofkey
policiesand programs in placeatthe Universitythat:ensure equitable treatment ofallmembersofthe University Community; maintaina
safecampusenvironment;and makevitalinformationavailableintheeventofanemergency TheAnnualSecurityand Fire Safety Report
is also published in compliance with federal law

If you have any questions regarding the report or would like a printed copy, please contact DLES at (803) 777-8400.

; ; University of South Carolina
page 5 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Annual Disclosure of Crime Statistics and Preparing the Report

DLES is the primary University office responsible for preparing and distributing the Annual Security and Fire Safety Report This report
isforthe ColumbiaCampus;eachcampusisresponsibleforcompiling and disclosing theirindividualreports Tocompile information for
theAnnualSecurityReport, University officescollaboratewitheachotherandexternalagencies, includinglocallawenforcementagencies
Crimesthatarereportedinaspecificareainand around University Propertyarecollectedfromcollaboratingagenciesforstatisticsthatare
disclosed to the United States Department of Education.

Federal law mandates thatthe University publishes anddisclosesthis Report bythefirstof October eachyear This lawiscalledtheJeanne
Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act. Also referred to as the Clery Act, it was signed into law as
part of the Crime Awareness and Campus Security Act of 1990.

Anycurrentorfuturememberofthe UniversityCommunityandotherinterestedmembersofthegeneralcommunitycanobtainaphysical
or electronic copy by calling DLES at (803) 777-8400 or visiting the “Annual Clery Report” page at https://bit.ly/3pn1Eqd

; ; University of South Carolina
page 6 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
 
About the Division

The University of South Carolina Division of Law Enforcement and Safety (DLES) is the primary law enforcement agency responsible for
the safety of the University’s Columbia Campus. DLES is operated and sustained by professionals in law enforcement, compliance and
professionalstandards,environmentalhealthandsafety,andriskmanagement. DLESworksdiligentlytoprotectthepeopleandproperty
of the University of South Carolina and to uphold their values — human life, integrity, excellence and accountability

The University’s Columbia Campus covers morethan 400acres downtown. If USC Columbia wereits own city, itwould bethe 13th largest
city in the state based on the size of its enrolled students and staff

DLES is home to over 100 employees, including over 70 sworn police officers. DLES is divided into three bureaus; Operations, Support
Services, and Administration.

The Operations Bureau, the largest and most visible bureau, is responsible for traditional policing functions Patrol Officers provide a
uniformed presence and respond to calls for service 24 hours a day, 365 days a year Specialized units such as the Bike Patrol team and
Crime Suppression Unit are also a part of this bureau

The Support Services Bureauoverseesthe Communications, TechnicalOperationsand PhysicalSecurity(TOPS),andInvestigations Units
Communications Unit personnel take calls from 911 and the non-emergency line, dispatch police, monitor video and alarms TheTOPS
Unitinstallandmaintainover300securitycameras located acrossall USCcampuses. Criminalinvestigatorsareresponsibleforinvestigat-
ing crimes

TheAdministration Bureau is responsibleforthe training of DLES personnel, maintaining vital records, and evidencecontrol This Bureau
is also home to the Emergency Management Unit, which plans for and responds to natural and other disasters

Enforcement Authority and Training

The police officers employed by DLES are appointed and commissioned as State Constables by the Governor of South Carolina, as pro-
vided by South Carolina law Theyare empowered to enforce the laws of South Carolina anywhere in the State, as wellasarrest individuals
anywherein the State. DLES officers completetwelve weeks of law enforcement instructionthrough the South Carolina Criminal Justice
Academy They receive at least 40 hours of continuing education every year, which exceeds the state’s minimum requirements

Interagency Cooperation

DLES works cooperatively with other law enforcement agencies in South Carolina to promote the safety and security of the Carolina
Community With a downtown location covering many city blocks, there is an increased likelihood that a crime occurring in the metro-
politan area of Columbia may occuron campus The University of South Carolina’s Columbia Campus shares jurisdiction with other law
enforcement agencies, including the City of Columbia Police Department

DLESmaintainsworkingrelationshipswithlocalandstate prosecutors, thecourtsystem,coroners’offices,and otherinvestigativeentities
to ensure the ongoing safety and integrity of the Carolina Community There are specific events that may occur on campus, suchas the
death of a student, which would require DLES to notify the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED). DLES also participates
inintelligencesharingassociationswithotherarea law enforcementagencies. Ongoingcollaboration betweenagenciesenables DLESto
gatherdata,identifycrimetrendsonand aroundcampus,andprovidesasystemfornotifyingtheOfficeofStudentConductandAcademic
Integrity when off-campus student crimes or policy violations occur

; ; University of South Carolina
page 8 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
DLESandotherlawenforcementagencies enterinto MemorandumsofUnderstanding(MOU)forthe purposeofbestallocating resources
for the protection of the communities the agencies serve. In particular, DLES enters into MOUs with the City of Columbia Police
Departmentattimeswhenthe Universityleases significant portionsofprivate housingfacilitiesneartheUniversitysothattheagenciesmay
document which entity retains primary law enforcement jurisdiction over the leased property

; ; University of South Carolina
page 9 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Reporting Criminal Incidents

and Other Emergencies

 
Reporting to the Division of Law Enforcement and Safety

All on-campus crimes, suspicious activity, and safety concerns should be reported to DLES as soon as possible

There are several ways to make a report or contact law enforcement, depending on where you are located and what is occurring
On-Campus:

Call Ifyouareexperiencingan emergency orsomeoneis badlyinjured and cannot beeasily transported, call911. Fornon-emergencies,
call 803-777-4215 to have an officer come gather the information and collect any evidence

OR

Visit You may also visit DLES at 1415 Henderson Street, Columbia, South Carolina.

Off-Campus:

Call Ifyou are the victim or witness to a crime off-campus, dial 9-1-1 and the law enforcement agency responsible for that jurisdiction
will be contacted

When you contact law enforcement, you will be asked questions about what happened, including:

+ Yourname and telephone number;

+ The type of incident;

+ The location of the incident of which you are reporting;

+  Adetailed description of the suspect(s)and his/her location or direction of travel;
+ Adetailed description of any vehicle involved in the incident; and

+ Any need for medical assistance

RAVE Guardian App:

The University provides a FREE mobile app, Rave Guardian, to keep students, faculty and staff safer on and off campus. Rave Guardian,
available at ,turns any cell phone into a personalized protection network, connecting with University Police during an emergency and
enhancing safety through a virtual network of friends, family and campus law enforcement. Among its features:

+ Caller profiles: Students, faculty and staff can set up complete profiles in Rave Guardian. By providing information
about any medical conditions, course schedule, addresses, campus ID photo and other critical data, it is easier for
campus police to help in an emergency

+ Panic Calls: These instantly connect with USC Police or with local 911. If the call is placed to USC Police, Rave
Guardian automatically delivers the complete caller profile to telecommunications personnel

+ Safety networks: Safety timers notifies trusted “guardians” when the user doesn’t make it to a destination and
deactivates the timer

+ Anonymous crime tips: Allows dispatchers to alert the appropriate agency

; ; University of South Carolina
page 11 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Campus Security Authorities

Campus Security Authorities (CSAs) are individuals and organizations associated with the University that must disclose reports of Clery
Crimes to DLES. CSAs include those who have significant responsibility for student activities

CSAs can take reports of crimes from members of the University Community who may not feel comfortable going directly to law
enforcement,or whomaycomeincontactwitha CSA before havingachancetogotolawenforcement. Anaccuser/reporterthatreportsa
crime toa CSA does not have to prove that they were the victim or witness ofa crime. Any report received in good faith (meaning without
malice, and not based on rumor or hearsay) by a CSA must be reported to DLES.

Each year DLES sends a written request for statistical information to the following Campus Security Authorities:

+ The Vice President for Student Affairs and all CSAs who work for him/her;

+ The Provost and all CSAs who work for him/her;

+ The General Counsel and all CSAs who work for him/her;

+ The Vice President for Human Resources and all CSAs who work for him/her;

+ The Associate Vice President of Student Affairs and all CSAs who work for him/her;

+ The Assistant Vice President for Civil Rights and Title IX and all CSAs who work for him/her;

+ The Athletics’ Director and all CSAs who work for him/her; and

+ The Director of Student Conduct and Academic Integrity and all CSAs who work for him/her

Emergency Call Boxes

Over 300 emergencycall boxes are located in visible places onthe USC Columbia Campus andare constantly monitored. Emergencycall
boxes are topped with blue lights and give people on and around campus a fast way to contact DLES inanemergency Toactivate, push
the large button on the front of the call box. You willimmediately be connected toa DLES dispatcher. If you are unable tocommunicate,
the dispatcher will send an officer to your location. If you are unable to stop and wait at the first call box you come to, continue moving
after activating the call box. Push the button on the next available call box, and continue activating call boxes as long as you encounter
them. This allows dispatch to know which way you are traveling, so they may send assistance to your area.

Daily Crime Log

DLES provides a daily log of all criminal reports for public inspection, which is available online or request from the DLES Records Unit
located at 1415 Henderson Street, Columbia, South Carolina 29208. The daily crime log may be found at the DLES webpage by selecting

“Reports, Logs, and Bulletins” Daily Crime Log’ at https://sc.edu/about/offices_and_divisions/law enforcement _and_safety/index.php

DLES complies with federal law that prohibits the disclosure of the names of victims when publishing the daily crime log The dailycrime
log includes: the nature, date, time and general location of each crime; and the disposition of the complaint, if known.

; ; University of South Carolina
page 12 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
 
Allforms ofassault,abuse, harassmentand violencearenottolerated atthe University of South Carolina. Thereareconfidential resources
atthe University andin the communitytoassistvictimsofinterpersonal violence The University worksto educate, inform,andadvocate
for the Carolina Community to end sexual assault, stalking, and relationship violence

What is Consent?

The UniversityofSouth Carolinadefinesconsentas’theclear, knowing,and voluntary,agreementto participateinmutuallyagreed-upon
acts Consentcanbegivenbywordsand/oractions,aslongasthosewordsand/oractionscreatemutuallyunderstandableclearpermission
regarding willingness to engage in (and the conditions of) the sexual activity" It is the responsibility of each party to determine that the
other(s) has consented before engaging in the sexual activity

The University of South Carolina defines consent as permitting, approving, or agreeing to act under University policy CR 1.00 (Discrim-
ination, Harassment and Sexual Misconduct). University policy CR 1.00 is available at https://www.sc.edu/policies/ppm/cr100.pdf For
consent to take place, the following elements must be present:

+ Both are clear about their intent to engage in sexual activities and their desire to do so is willing

+ Both individuals are fully conscious

+ Someone who is incapacitated cannot consent

+ Neither individual is impaired by drugs or alcohol to the extent they do not know the who, what, when, where, why, or how of the situation.
+ Coercion, force, or threat of either cancels consent

+ Consent to engage in one form of sexual activity does not provide consent to engage in any other form of sexual activity

+ Past consent of sexual activities does not imply future consent

+ Consent to engage in sexual activity with one person does not give consent to engage in sexual activity with someone else

+ The existence of a prior or current relationship does not, in itself, constitute consent; even in the context of a relationship, there must be real time

and mutual consent to sexual activity

+ Consent can be withdrawn or modified at any time, and sexual contact must cease immediately once consent is withdrawn and clearly
communicated

+ Consent cannot be inferred from the absence of a“no”

+ Consentcannotbeinferred from silence, passivity, orlackofverbalor physicalresistance. Consent may not begiven by anindividual whohasnot

reached the legal age of consent under applicable law

; ; University of South Carolina
page 14 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Definitions of Sexual Assault, Domestic Violence, Dating Violence, and
Stalking

To help you better understand the policies outlined in this report, terms used in University Policies on Sexual Assault and Interpersonal
Violence are defined below Additionally, definitions for similar terms and related statutes from the South Carolina Code of Laws are
providedforreference Terminology andstatelawvaryfrom UniversityPolicyattimes Thiscreates circumstances where DLES maynot be
abletobringcriminalchargesagainstanindividualaccusedofviolatingUniversityPolicy However, University Policyoutlinesconsequences
fortheaccused perpetrator iftheyareamember of the University Community,aswellas protectionsfortheaccuser This processoccursin
the presence or absence of criminal charges

Interpersonal Violence: acts of relationship violence including domestic
violence, dating violence, sexual assault, stalking, and harassment

Domestic Violence: For purposes of University policy CR 1.00 (Discrimination, Harassment, and Sexual Misconduct) and related
procedures,thistermrefersto physical violence, threatsofviolenceagainstanother,threatsofviolenceagainstindividualscloseto, petsof,
or property belonging to an individual with a connection to a perpetrator as defined by University policy ro state law

Domestic violence is defined by South Carolina state law, S.C. Code Ann. § 16-25-20, as the unlawful causing of “physical harm or injury
toa person’sown household member’or the“offer orattemptto cause physical harm orinjurytoaperson’s own household memberwith
apparentpresentabilityin circumstances reasonably creating fear ofimminent peril.’A“household member’ includesaspouse,aformer
spouse, persons who havea child in common, cohabitants involved during a romantic relationship or those who formerly cohabitated
during a romantic relationship

Dating Violence: any act of violence or threats of violence committed by a person: 1. who is or has been in a social relationship of
a romantic or intimate nature with the Complainant; and 2. where the existence of such a relationship will be determined based ona
consideration ofthefollowingfactors:thelengthoftherelationship;thetypeofrelationship;andthefrequencyofinteractionbetweenthe
personsinvolvedintherelationship. Datingviolenceis nota specificcriminal violation in South Carolina. However,thestate does prohibit
a number of physically violent actions to include Homicide, Manslaughter, and Assault and Battery in multiple degrees, which may be
applicable

Stalking: A course of conduct directed at a specific person that would cause a reasonable person under similar circumstances or with
similar identities to fear for their own safety or the safety of others or suffer substantial emotional distress. Course of conduct means two
or more instances, including but not limited to; unwelcome acts in which an individual directly, indirectly, or through third parties, by
anyaction, method, device,or means, follows, monitors, observes, surveils, threatens, orcommunicatestoorabouta person, or interferes
withaperson’s property. Stalkingincludestheconceptofcyber-stalking,a particularformofstalkinginwhichelectronicmediasuchasthe
internet, socialnetworks, blogs, cellphones, texts, orother similardevicesorforms of contact are used. South Carolina law,$.C.CodeAnn.
§ 16-3-1700, also prohibits stalking which is defined as a“pattern of words, whether verbal written, or electronic, or a pattern’ of “two
ormoreactsoccurring overa period oftime, however short,evidencinga continuity of purpose’ that“servesno legitimate purposeandis
intendedtocauseanddoescauseatargeted personandwouldcauseareasonablepersoninthetargetedperson’s positiontofear’either’(1)
death of the person ora member of his family; (2) assault upon the person ora member of his family; (3) bodily injury to the person ora
member ofhis family; (4) criminal sexual contact on the person ora member of hisfamily;(5) kidnapping ofthe person oramemberof his
family; or (6) damage to the property of the person or a member of his family”

Non-Consensual sexual contact (Offensive Touching): the touching of an unwilling or non-consenting person’s intimate

parts suchas genitalia, groin, breast, buttocks, mouth, and/orclothes covering them; thetouching ofan unwilling person with one’s own
intimate parts; or forcing an unwilling persontotouchanother’s intimate parts Offensive Touching falls generally within the Clery Crime
Category of “Forcible Fondling”

Sexual Assault: any form of sexual contact that occurs without consent and/or through the use of force, threat of force, intimidation,
incapacitationorcoercion.SexualAssaultincludesnon-consensualsexualcontact,non-consensualsexualpenetration,incestand statutory

; ; University of South Carolina
page 15 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
rape. State criminal law defines a sexual assault generally as the unwilling, non-consensual penetration of any bodily opening with any
object or body part that is committed by force, threat, intimidation, or through exploitation of another’s mental or physical condition of
which the assailant was aware or should have been aware State law governing such actions is found in S.C. Code Ann. §16-3-600 and
§16-3-652 to 655.

Criminal Investigation

If survivors or witnesses want to file formal criminal charges against a perpetrator or request a criminal investigation, they can contact
DLES via 9-1-1;activate an Emergency Call Box by pushing the large red button on the front; contact law enforcement through the RAVE
Guardian app; or call (803) 777-4215 for the 24-hour dispatch line. Additionally, a victim may also request assistance from law enforce-
ment if they are at a hospital to receive medical treatment for injuries that happened as the result of a crime

Once a crime is reported, DLES will send a uniformed officer and/or criminal investigator to the victim. DLES criminal investigators
receivespecial training inhandlingsexualassaultcasesandrelationship-based crimes. DLES may, incertaincircumstances, request assis-
tance from the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED), the state’s primary criminal investigative agency

In most cases, a DLES victim advocate is there to help the survivor in a number of ways, such as explaining the investigative process;
putting them in contact with SAVIP staff; and providing any additional help the victim may have in their time of need

Rights of Victims
Under South Carolina law, victims have a number of rights, including:

+ the right to be treated with fairness, respect, and dignity, and to be free from intimidation, harassment, or abuse,
throughout the criminal and juvenile justice process, and informed of the victim's constitutional rights, provided by
statute;

+ the right to be reasonably informed when the accused or convicted person is arrested, released from custody, or
has escaped;

+ the right to be informed of and present at any criminal proceedings which are dispositive of the charges where
the defendant has the right to be present;

+ the right to be reasonably informed of and be allowed to submit either a written or oral statement at all hearings
affecting bond or bail;

+ the right to be heard at any proceeding involving a post-arrest release decision, a plea, or sentencing;

+ the right to be reasonably protected from the accused or persons acting on his behalf throughout the criminal
justice process;

+ the right to confer with the prosecution, after the crime against the victim has been charged, before the trial or
before any disposition and informed of the disposition;

+ the right to have reasonable access after the conclusion of the criminal investigation to all documents relating to
the crime against the victim before trial;

+ the right to receive prompt and full restitution from the person or persons convicted of the criminal conduct that
caused the victim's loss or injury including both adult and juvenile offenders;

+ the right to be informed of any proceeding when any post-conviction action is being considered, and be present
at any post-conviction hearing involving a post-conviction release decision;

+ the right to a reasonable disposition and prompt and final conclusion of the case; and

+ — the right to have all rules governing criminal procedure and the admissibility of evidence in all criminal proceed-
ings protect victims’ rights and have these rules subject to amendment or repeal by the legislature to ensure protec-

tion of these rights

; ; University of South Carolina
page 16 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Beyond these rights, DLES provides additional assistance to crime victims, including:

+ providing a free copy of incident reports when requested;
+ — providing information about local victim assistance providers;
+ — informing them of how to be compensated by the State Office of Victim Assistance (SOVA) and assistance in

applying for compensation and other forms of assistance that may be available

DLES victim advocates are trained in assisting victims and can serveas liaisons for them following a crime They provide other forms of
support and advocacy that make the criminal justice process less intimidating for victims

University Administrative Inquiries

Incertaincircumstances, studentsthatengageinconductthatviolatestheUniversity’sstandardsmaybesubjecttotheUniversity’sadminis-
trativeprocess This processtypicallyinvolvesaninvestigation, conducthearing,and potentialdisciplinaryaction bythe University’sOffice
of Civil Rights and Title IX (OCR) and/or Office of Student Conduct (OSC).

Astudent may file a complaint directly with DLES, (OCR), or OSC. However, in some cases, the process starts when a student seeks help
from University Health Services’ Sexual Assault and Violence Intervention & Prevention Office (SAVIP). Beyond providing a wide range
of assistance for victims, SAVIP can assist a victim in the process of filing complaints with DLES, OCR, and/or OSC. More information
regarding the assistance SAVIP may offer is provided in this report

Office of Civil Rights and Title IX

Through the Office of Civil Rights and Title IX (OCR-TIX), students, faculty, and staff may report incidents where members of the
UniversityCommunity have experienced discrimination and/or harassment based on age, race, ethnicity, sex, gender, religion, national
origin, disability, genetics, or veteran status

OCR-TIX also handles Title IX complaints. Recently, the United States Department of Education has emphasized that Title IX requires
Universities to include sexualassaults, sexual harassment, sexual violence, and sexual misconduct involving members of the University
Community under their investigative authority Title IX also prohibits retaliation against an individual who, in good faith, asserts his/her
rights under Title IX or other federal and state laws prohibiting discrimination.

Any student with a complaint of discrimination or discriminatory harassment should contact OCR-TIX. Students can file complaints
againstfaculty, staff, other students, student organizations, and any entity doing business orassociated withthe University. Ifyou believe
you have experienced discrimination or harassment based on your status as a protected group, contact OCR-TIX at (803) 777-3854 for
assistance, orsubmityourinformationtoOCR-TIX using the’Report an Incident” option athttps://www.sc.edu/about/offices_and_divi-

sions/civil rights title ix/

Certain employees and persons associated with the University must contact the OCR-TIX if they receive a report from a student that has
experienced harassmentincluding butnotlimitedtosexualmisconduct,sexualviolence,sexualassault,oranycriminalbehaviorbasedon
sex or discrimination. These persons with a duty toreportinclude administrators, supervisors, department chairs, or person ina position
of power over a student. Failure to immediately report any Title IX matter may result in disciplinary action against any person (e.g.,
administrators, faculty orstaffmembers)ina positionofpoweroverastudent Studentsorstaffmayfileacomplaintathttps://cm.maxient

com/reporting.php? UnivofSouthCarolina

Office of Student Conduct and Academic Integrity

The Office of Student Conduct and Academic Integrity (OSC) is a University department designed to promote individual student
developmentandacampusclimateofcivilityandaccountability Thisofficeencourageseducationandaccountability byproviding processes

; ; University of South Carolina
page 17 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
designed to uphold the behavioral expectations of the University’s Code of Conduct

OSC reviews a wide range of student violations of the Code of Conduct from alcohol violations to sexualassaults The investigation and
possible prosecutionofa Universitystudentinthecriminaljusticesystemdoesnotpreventthem fromalsobeingsubjecttocivilsanctions
imposed by the University The University holds students to the standards outlined in the Code of Conduct while they are on campus or
any other location for as long as they remain students at the University

OSC may begina student conduct investigation upon receiving information thata University student has violated the Code of Conduct
Typically OSC receives such information from DLES, SAVIP. OCR-TIX, or through a complaint filed by another student. University
students are also required to notify OSC within 72 hours after they have been arrested by a law enforcement agency other than DLES.

Acomplaintform maybesubmittedtoOSConlineathttps://sc.edu/about/offices_and_divisions/student_conduct and academic in-
tegrity/make a report/ Onceacomplaint is received, OSC will meet with individuals thought to have relevant information, including

thestudentwho has been accused. OSCwillassessthe Code of Conduct to determine whichcharges mostclosely meet the behaviorsthe
student is accused of and offer the option of resolution through a conduct hearing or a Carolina Judicial Council hearing

Hearingsareconductedbyofficials whoreceiveannualtrainingonissuesrelatedtodomesticviolence,datingviolence,sexualassault,and
stalking Theseindividualsandthoseassisting throughoutthe process receiveannualtraining onconductinginvestigationsand hearing
procedures that protect the safety of victims and promote accountability

To determine ifa violation of the Conduct of Conduct has occurred, OSC follows a standard referred to as a preponderance of evidence
This standard is used by courts of law in civil cases. It must be demonstrated that the charged student is more likely than not to have
violated the Code of Conduct

Rights of the Accuser
During the student conduct process, the victim has the following rights:

+ — The right to be notified in writing of their rights in the conduct process;

+ The right to be assisted by various campus entities including but not limited to SAVIP, OSCAI, DLES;

+ The right to have an advisor of their choosing accompany them throughout the duration of the conduct process;
+ The right to submit a victim impact statement to the Hearing Officer or Council for consideration;

+ The right to have their past behaviors excluded in a University Conduct Hearing where responsibility is being de-
termined;

+ The right to accommodations in giving testimony consistent with providing a safe atmosphere, and consistent
with the rights of the accused;

+ The right to be notified in writing of the final determination and any sanction imposed on the accused as a result
of the conduct process;

+ The right to receive a copy of the formal charges sent to the accused student;

+ The right to be notified of the date, time, and place of hearings at least three University business days prior to the
hearing;

+ The right to have the hearing authority consider as an aggravating factor when sanctioning the perpetrator
whether the perpetrator provided alcohol or other drugs in the commission of a sexual assault;

+ The right to be notified of the findings and sanctions/outcome of the hearing within a timeframe close to that in
which the charged student was notified;

+ The right to appeal the outcome based on a due process error or on information that could not have been avail-
able at the time of the hearing; and

+ The right to changes in academic, living, transportation, or working situations to avoid a hostile environment

; ; University of South Carolina
page 18 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Rights of Accused
A student accused of violating the Student Code of Conduct is afforded the following rights:

+ — The right to be notified in writing of their rights in the conduct process;

+ The right to be notified in writing of the charges against them with sufficient time to prepare for a hearing. In the
event that additional charges are brought, a further written notice must be forwarded to the student(s) or student
organization(s). The student(s) or student organization(s) may waive the right to separate written notice of additional
charges in order to expedite the hearing process;

+ The right to be notified of the date, time, and place of formal hearings at least three University business days prior
to the hearing;

+ The right to know the nature and source of the information used in a hearing process This includes the right to
review all documents and exhibits to be introduced at a hearing as well as a list of witnesses asked to testify at the
hearing, upon the student's request;

+ The right to present information on one’s behalf;

+ The right to elect not to appear at the hearing, in which case the hearing shall be conducted in the absence of the
charged party(ies);

+ The right to refuse to answer any questions or make a statement. However, the hearing authority may draw infer-
ences from this refusal;

+ The right to present questions for the witnesses to answer The Hearing Officer/Council may rule on relevance of
these questions; and

+ The right to be accompanied by an advisor throughout the hearing process

The accused's advisor, with written permission of the charged student(s) or student organization(s), may:

+ Advise the accused regarding preparation for the hearing;
+ Accompany the accused to all conduct proceedings; and/or

+ Have access to information to be introduced at the hearing

Advisors arenot permitted to participatedirectly in the hearing process, ortospeakforthecharged student(s) orstudentorganization(s).

Possible Sanctions

TheOSCdisciplines students whoviolatethe Code of Conductbased onthedetailsin each individualcase. Sanctionsrangefromawritten
warning to suspension or possible expulsion from the University

Possible sanctions for violations involving sexualassault, domesticviolence, relationship violence, hazing, harassment, stalking orother
violent crimes are:

+ — Issuing a No Contact letter;

+ Campus restrictions (e.g., from the victim's residence hall);
+ Conduct probation;

+ Assessment with a counseling agency;

+ Removal from University Housing;

+ Suspension; and/or

+ Expulsion.

These sanctions are separate from any criminal charges or sentences imposed against the student in criminal court

; ; University of South Carolina
page 19 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
No Contact Letters and Restraining Orders

A No Contact Letter is an official University notice from the Office of Student Conduct and Academic Integrity (OSC) restricting two
University students from initiating contact with each other. Requests for NoContact Letters usually comefromstudents,and requirethat
both students adhere to the notice

A benefit of the No Contact Letter is that if it is violated, OSC may levy sanctions against the offender, removing the burden from the
accuser Violations of a No Contact Letter are violations of the Student Code of Conduct and will be punished by the OSC.

Although a No Contact Letter may be ordered during the hearing process, it is not necessary to have a hearing before one is issued A
student whoexpresses fear for their safety and the potential for danger ifthe alleged perpetrator is within geographic proximity should
always apply for a Restraining Order

Any USC student can request a No Contact Letter; however, both involved parties must be USC students The student initiating the
request will meet briefly with a staff member in the Office of Student Conduct and Academic Integrity. During this meeting, the staff
member willreviewthe parameters of the NoContactLetterand provide the student withthe letter, explaining its stipulations. Students
are not obligated to tell the staff member why they are requesting a No Contact Letter, as the student may not have decided toreporta
violation/crime

Students interested in requesting a No Contact Letter may contact the Office of Student Conduct and Academic Integrity at 803-777-
4333. SAVIP and DLES are also available to help facilitate this process

Beyonda No Contact Letter, a student may obtain a Restraining Orderfroma court of lawto get protection from someone whois harass-
ingorstalkingthem.A Restraining Orderisacivilorderand doesnot appearonaperson’scriminalrecord. However, iftheaccused violates
the Restraining Order, they can be arrested. A Restraining Order can be granted for up to one year

The University cannot issue a Restraining Order, only a No Contact Letter To obtain a Restraining Order, an individual must complete
a Complaint and Motion for Restraining Order and submit it to the Magistrate’s Office in the county where the victim lives or where the
harassment/stalking has taken place The SAVIP Office and DLES are available to help assist with the application process and provide
support for students who pursue this option.

Notification of Outcomes

The alleged student accused and thealleged victim are notified simultaneously atthe OSC hearing and in writing of the outcome of the
proceeding

Appeals

Both an accused student and alleged victim may appeal the outcome of the OSC hearing. If one student submits an appeal, the other
student in the OSC case will be notified The other student will have five University business days to submit an appeal if he/she chooses
Afterthefive days, theappeal(s)willbesenttotheVice President of Student Affairsand Academic Supportforconsiderationatwhichtime
all appeal opportunities are closed

Hearing outcomes from the Office of Student Conduct and Academic Integrity or designee (including the Carolina JudicialCouncil) that
meet the criteria for appeal must be submitted via an appeal form within five University business days from thedate the decision letter is
received The OSC will forward it with a response memorandum to the Vice President of Student Affairs

An appeal may be made for one or both of the following reasons:

+ Aprocedural error was committed that has significantly prejudiced the findings of the Hearing Council;

; ; University of South Carolina
page 20 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
OR
+ New evidence that could not have been available at the time of the hearing and would have a significant effect on

the outcome of the case becomes available

Decisionsnotappealedwithinfive University businessdaysarefinal.Boththechargedstudentandaccuserwillbenotified simultaneously
and in writing of the outcome of the appeal or any changes to the decision or withdrawal of an appeal by either party

Sexual Assault and Violence Intervention & Prevention Office (SAVIP)

Sexual Assault and Violence Intervention & Prevention (SAVIP) is housed in Student Health Services and is located on the second floor
oftheThomson Building. SAVIP provides 24/7 confidential interpersonal violence advocacy for anyone onthe UofSC-Columbia campus
whois impacted bysexualharassmentandassault, relationship violence (all forms of relationships), stalkingand harassment. SAVIP also
providesprimarypreventioneducationontopicsthatinclude butarenotlimitedtohealthyrelationships,consent, bystanderintervention,
and survivor support

Advocacy services offered include:

+ 24/7 access to confidential interpersonal violence advocates;
+ Academic assistance;

+ Hospital and meeting & hearing accompaniment;

+ Temporary alternative housing;

+ — Safety planning;

+ Consultation; and

+ Referrals assistance to other campus and community resources

Students, staffand faculty whoareimpacted by any type ofinterpersonal violence can requestany ofthe services listed above to prevent
unnecessary or unwanted contact with their assailant, when reasonably available

A major role of SAVIP is to provide 24/7 on-call services to assist students, faculty and staff in addition to prevention education to all
students, facultyandstaffoncampusregardingsexualassaultandallformsofinterpersonalviolence Thestaffregularly provideworkshops
and training sessions for University faculty and staff, residential student staff, academic classes, and student organizations SAVIP staff
andtrainedpeereducatorsprovideworkshopstostudents, particularlythrough University 101 classesofferedtofirst-yearstudents. Topics
includebystanderaccountability, healthyrelationships,consent,survivorsupport,stalking,relationship/datingviolence,and sexualassault

SAVIP provides survivors options for counseling, medical treatment (if needed), and reporting. Sexual assault survivors may have the
optiontocompleteasexualassaultforensicexamatalocalemergencyroom(recommendedhospitalis Prisma Health Richland, locatedat
5 Medical Park Dr., Columbia, SC 29203); survivors who may be interested in this option are encouraged to call SAVIP at 803-777-8248
(this is a crisis line and is in operation 24/7, with the exception of Winter Break) and a confidential advocate can review the survivor's
options Ifasurvivorchoosesaforensicexam,aSAVIPadvocatecanprovideaccompanimenttotheemergencyroom.SAVIPadvocatesalso
review reporting options that include lawenforcementandtheOfficeof Civil Rights andTitle IX. Forlaw enforcement reporting, survivors
must report in the jurisdiction in which the crime occurred They may report to the OCRTIX office if a UofSC student, staff, or faculty
memberisthealleged respondent SAVIP staff provides support and assistance for students that pursue disciplinary procedures and file
criminal charges”

If you have any questions about services mentioned or would like to receive additional information, call Sexual Assault and Violence
Intervention & Prevention at 803-777-8248 (available 24/7) or go to the Thomson Building during business hours (8:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m.
during fall & spring semesters, 8:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. during summer & other breaks) and one of the advocates in the office will be able to
provide assistance.

; ; University of South Carolina
page 21 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Information and resources for those impacted by interpersonal violence can be found at https://bit.ly/2Jx6vdX

Guidelines for Assistance for Sexual Assault Victims
If you or someone you know is sexually assaulted:

+ Get to a safe place as soon as you can, and call 911 to contact emergency services if needed or to call an
ambulance if you believe you may be seriously injured; you may call SAVIP (24/7) at (803)777-8248 to receive sup-
port and discuss options for immediate care and for reporting, if that is what the survivor wishes. A SAVIP advocate
can provide accompaniment to the hospital if that is what the survivor wants

+ Try to preserve physical evidence. Do not wash, use the toilet, or change clothing if you can avoid it. If you do
change clothes, put all clothes you were wearing at the time of the assault in a paper, not plastic bag

+ Get medical attention as soon as possible to make sure you are physically well and to permit collection of import-
ant evidence in the event you may later wish to take legal action.

+ Contact a law enforcement agency to report the assault

+ Talk with an advocate or counselor who will maintain confidentiality, help explain your options, give you informa-
tion, and provide emotional support

+ Contact someone you trust for initial and ongoing support

Ifan individual does not want to file a criminal complaint with DLES, they may still seek restorative justice by filing a complaint directly
with the Office of Civil Rights and Title IX and inquiring with SAVIP about their options. Help and support are always available through
SAVIP, Counseling and Psychiatry services, and other community resources

Sexual Assault, Relationship, and Dating Violence Programs

TheUniversityofSouthCarolina prohibits dating violence,domesticviolence,sexualassault,andstalking Toraiseawarenessofthoseissues
and to assist survivors of such violence, the University offers a number of resources to the campus community

TheUniversityutilizesawebsitetoinformthecampuscommunityofissues involving interpersonal violence, including sexualassault The
websitewww.sc.edu/interpersonalviolenceisaone-stopdestinationforinterpersonalviolenceresources, toincludeinterpersonalviolencet
prevention and education programs and resources for survivors

One of the primary University support units dealing with all forms of interpersonal violence is Sexual Assault and Violence Intervention
& Prevention (SAVIP). SAVIP is located in the Thomson Building. Its advocates offer support and services to students, faculty, and staff
whoaresurvivorsofinterpersonalviolencewhichincludessexualassault,attemptedsexualassault,relationship/datingviolence,domestic
violence, stalking, and/or harassment

SAVIP provides educational programming and training throughout the year (see below fora list of programs and trainings). SAVIP also
coordinatesannualcampus-widecampaignstoraiseawarenessand promote prevention ofinterpersonalviolence Notablecampaigns
include Relationship Violence Awareness in October, Stalking Awareness in January, and Sexual Assault Awareness in April

SAVIP recognizes Relationship Violence Awareness Month (RVAM) with events designed to increase awareness about intimate partner
violenceasamajorsocialissue.RVAMeventsincludetablingandeducationalsessionsdesignedtoraiseawarenessofdatingandrelationship
violence, how to recognize warning signs, as well as how to foster healthy relationships, and how to find services for those impacted by
relationship violence

SAVIP recognizes Stalking Awareness Month with tabling and educational events aimed at fostering understanding about stalking and
harassment They educate the University Community about stalking methods, including the use of technology, the Rave Guardian app,
options for those who are stalked and how to find services for those impacted by stalking

SAV IPrecognizesSexualAssaultAwarenessMonth(SAAM)witheventsaimedatfostering understanding theeffectsofsexualassaultwhile
promoting a culture of healing and accountability. SAAM events encourage members of the University Community to utilize bystander
interventionmethodstopreventsexualassaultandotherformsofinterpersonalviolence Througheducation,campaigns,andbystander

accountability, SAVIP actively seeks to foster a Carolina community of respect, trust, equality, and healthy relationships
; ; University of South Carolina
page 22 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Gamecocks Stand Up - Bystander Intervention Program

SAVIP promotes bystanderaccountability through Gamecocks Stand Up, bystander intervention educationthatincludesfour bystander
intervention strategies and resources on and off-campus for those involved in harmful or negative situations

Thescopeof Gamecocks Stand Upisdiverse, offering informational material, training for students, faculty, and staff, classroom presenta-
tions, and outreach events

A“bystander’ is a person who observes a situation or event but is not directly involved in it. For example, if you're walking down the
sidewalk and see twocars collide butyou don’tget involved you area bystander tothe event. Atthe other end of the spectrum are“active
bystanders Thesearepeoplewhonoticeaharmfulsituationisaboutto happen, is currentlyhappeningorhasalreadyhappened,andthen
theymakeaconsciousdecisiontostepinandintervene.Intheprevious scenario,anactivebystanderwouldseethecollisionbutstoptocall
USCPD and report the incident

Changing Carolina Peers Leaders

ChangingCarolina PeerLeaders(CCPL) programisastudent-runorganizationthatworkstoeducate, advocate for,and engage withpeers
byconnectingstudentstoon-campusresources. Students worktowardinclusiveanddiverse programs onsexualhealth, healthyrelation-
ships, mental health, and general wellness to promote health equity for all members of the campus community

Changing Carolina Peer Leaders isa member group of the national peer education student organization BACCHUS Initiatives of NASPA.

SAVIP Presentations and Training
Other presentations given by SAVIP staff, graduate students, and peer educators include:

Healthy Relationships, Communication, and Consent: Designed for University 101 classes, this presentation covers consent and healthy
relationshipcharacteristics;warningsignsofunhealthyrelationships, definitionsofthethreetypesofinterpersonalviolence(sexualassault,
relationship/intimate partner violence and stalking); the relationship between alcohol and sexualassault; and resources on campus for
interpersonal violence survivors

Howto Supporta Survivor:This presentation includes anin-depth overview of SAVIP services, strategies to assist interpersonal violence
survivors, and on- and off-campus resources for interpersonal violence survivors

Trauma 101:This three-session workshop series aims to provide a different and more comprehensive way to think about trauma as the
processofbecomingfloodedwithoverwhelmingstressfromavarietyofcauses Themodulesfocusontheneurobiologyoftrauma, internal
and cultural factors that inhibit discussion of traumatic events, and coping and support skills

SAPU: Anonline sexualassault prevention education course that presents realistic and interactive skill-building scenarios. Allincoming
students are required to complete the SAPU and Alcohol EDU courses

; ; University of South Carolina
page 23 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
CONFIDENTIAL REPORTING OF
CRIME AND OTHER SERIOUS
INCIDENTS

—

—

os

———

 
Victims and witnesses can receive confidential services through the Counseling and Psychiatry Department (803) 777-5223, Student
Health Services, and SAVIP (803) 777-8248 (24/7). SAVIP staff can explain the reporting process, the rights of victims and witnesses, and
options. Confidentiality will be maintained when speaking to any of these offices, except under very rare circumstances

Other University personnel, however, may have reporting and response obligations University staff, depending on their role, may be
requiredtoshareinformationregardingsexualharassmentormisconductwithadministrativeauthoritiesforinvestigationandfollowup.
TheUniversity wishes tosupport students who haveexperienced assault, harassment, orabuseinpursuingjusticetotheextent possible

TheUniversity willprotecttheconfidentiality ofanalleged victim by notdisclosingtheallegedvictim’sinformationtoanyoneoutsidethe
Universitytothe maximum extent permitted bylaw The University must balancea victim’s request for confidentiality with its responsi-
bility to providea safe andnon-discriminatory environmentforthe Universitycommunity Whenthe University cannot takedisciplinary
actionagainst someoneaccusedof discrimination or harassment because ofa victim's wish for confidentiality, the University will pursue
other steps to limit the effects of the alleged sexual misconduct and attempt to prevent its recurrence.

SAVIP can provide safe and confidential support, explain common reactions to crises, and discuss coping methods that may assist
immediatelyfollowingtheassaultandlater.SAVIPadvocates will notrevealthevictim’sidentitytoanyonewithoutthe victim's permission
except under very limitedexceptions(e.g.ifanimmediatethreattothe victim or othersis present, iftheallegedisarepeatoffender,orifthe
victim is a minor).

Mandatory reporters are afforded the opportunity to submit a report through the Office of Civil Rights and Title IX Office of Equal
Opportunity Program's website. However, the reporter should know that, during the course of an investigation, his/her identity may be
discovered. Ifthatoccurs, the reporterwillreceive thesameconfidentialitysafeguardsofferedtothosewhomakeaformalreport. Reports
submitted through any of the entities listed above are included in the University’s Annual Security and Fire Safety Report

Anonymous tips regarding criminal activity can be made to the Midlands Crimestoppers by dialing 1-888-CRIME-SC or by visiting
http://www.midlandscrimestoppers.com. Individuals may also use the RAVE Guardian app to send anonymous tips or to provide law
enforcementwithconcernsregardingsuspiciousactivity. DLESdoesnotgenerallyinvestigateanonymousallegationsofcriminalactivity
outside of CRIMESTOPPERS and the RAVE Guardian app. Anonymous tips without further corroboration are not included in the
University’s Annual Security and Fire Safety Report

TheUniversitydoesnothaveprocedurestoencouragepastoralorprofessionalcounselorstoinform personstheyarecounselingofhowto
report Clery crimes onavoluntary, confidential basis forinclusioninthe University’s Annual Security and Fire Safety Report The Universi-
ty does not prohibit pastoral or professional counselors from doing so when those individuals deem such advice appropriate

The University’s AnnualSecurity and Fire Safety Report does notinclude personalidentifying information of victims orreporters. Further,
South Carolina law prohibits the publication of the name of a sexual assault victim.

; ; University of South Carolina
page 25 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
 

 
Role of DLES in Crime Prevention

The Division of Law Enforcementand Safety (DLES) conducts crime prevention and safety presentations throughout the year to faculty,
staff and students Additionally, DLES distributes educational and crime prevention materials at display tables during campus events
throughouttheyear Thisalsoprovidesopportunitiesforstudentstoaskquestions, register property,andobtainimportantsafetyinforma-
tion.

The following programs are designed to inform students and employees about the prevention of crimes:

+ Residential Safety and Security: methods of securing resident living space both on-campus and off-campus and
the process of reporting suspicious activity and people

+ Building Safety and Security: methods and procedures for keeping the workplace and classroom safe and the
process of reporting suspicious activity and persons

+ Garage/Parking Lot Safety: precautions for preventing theft and vandalism of parked vehicles and risk reduction
to increase personal safety in and around garages and parking lots

+ Campus Safety: general and specific methods of personal protection and risk reduction. Identifies areas that are
safe for the community, identifies tools available to enhance personal safety, and the outlines the process of reporting
suspicious activity and individuals

+ Workplace Violence Prevention: identifies the warning signs of potential workplace violence and preventive mea-
sures

+ Project ID: offers free engraving for personal and University property. DLES also maintains a database of en-
graved items

+ Project S.T.0.P:: offers bicycle registration.

+ Women’s Self Defense Workshops: increases recognition and response to potentially dangerous situations, in-
creasing confidence in everyday activities and encouraging risk reduction practices The University’s Sexual Assault
and Violence Intervention & Prevention (SAVIP) Office has partnered with DLES to offer a Women’s Self Defense
Workshop. Call 777-8248 to sign up

To get more information about these programs or to schedule a program, contact the DLES Community Relations Unit at 803-777-
4215.

The DLES Office of Crime Prevention also assists in providing safety education to all incoming freshmen and new students through
University 101 (U101).

DLES assigns police officers to specific campus areas and buildings through the Community Resource Officer Program. Community
ResourceOfficers(CROs) interact with studentsand residence lifestaff, offering direct supportfromafamiliarface, providing educational
programs, servingas mentors TheCROs use community policing and problem solving to address quality-of-lifeissuesand build positive
relationships that help students understand how the resources we offer can help keep them and their property safe

Residentialcommunities area priority under the CRO program withCROsassignedtoacademicand administrative buildings as staffing
allows Theseofficers build partnershipsandimprovesafetybyattendingcommunitymeetings (residence hallmeetings,employee safety
committees, etc.) and by making positive community contacts and disseminating crime trend and safety information. CROs pay special
attentiontotheirassignedcommunitiesandactivelysolicitinputandinformationfromcommunitymemberson perceptionsofcrimeand
safety issues

; ; University of South Carolina
page 27 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Role of Housing Staff in Crime Prevention

Itshould benotedthatviolentcrimeoncampusisnotcommon.Themostprevalentcrimeourcommunity experiencesistheft. University
Housingadvisesresidentstudents thattheyshouldlockresidencehallroomsandthatanyoneparkedoncampusshouldremovevaluables
from theirvehicles. Itisalso noteworthytoremember that severalfacilitiesaroundcampusareopentothe public, liketheThomasCooper
Library; itis notuncommontoseenon-studentsintheseareas. Careshould be taken intheseareastokeep personal property underclose
watch.

The following security awareness and training programs are offered by University Housing to train/educate Housing staff and students
residingoncampusaboutcampussecurity proceduresand practicesandtoencouragebothemployeesandstudentstoberesponsiblefor
their own security and the security of others

Training for Housing Staff

AllstaffmembersarerequiredtocompleteanonlinetrainingcourseonCrisisManagementand EmergencyProcedures. Attheendofeach
session, employees are required to pass a test on the materials presented

AllHousingStaffmembers participateinanotherseminarduring formaljobtraining oncrisismanagementand University-specificproce-
dures

AllHousingStaffmembersparticipateinexperientialsessionswheretheyproblem-solvethroughdifferentsituationsandmustdiscernwhen
to apply the procedures they have learned Training scenarios include: roommate issues; fire safety;alcohol overdose; suicidal students;
drugs; sexual assault; and medical emergencies

AllHousingStaffmembersaretrainedontheemergencyandsafety protocoland proceduresspecifictothebuilding wheretheywork. Also
included are the security systems in each area, including cameras and card access devices

Allfull-timestaffand graduate staff members who liveand workina residence hallare required tocompleteand pass Incident Command
System (ICS) training offered through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).

All staff members who serve in an emergency response capacity are trained in the Housing duty system.

Housing Staff members are trained on howtoidentify and reportsecurity issues they discover when working within theirassigned build-
ings

Housing Staff members are trained on the Visitation Policy for their specific buildings

Crime Prevention Education for Residential Students

All residential buildings on campus have an orientation that covers many topics, including campus safety When students move into
residential halls on campus, each hosts an orientation that addresses campus safety. Residential Hall floors continue to meet during the
academic year to reinforce safety information and discuss new topics and concerns as needed

Severalmethodsareusedtodistributeandreinforceinformationtostudentstoeducatethemonsafetymatters Theyinclude:one-on-one
meetingswithstudents;videoboardslocatedinresidencehalls;emailblastssenttostudents; printnewsletters;flyers;programsandactivi-
ties;brochures;androominspections. Housing Staffconductroom inspections inresidence halls, during whichtheycheckfor prohibited
itemsandlookforanyhealthandsafetyconcerns Traditionaldormsareinspectedtwiceasemester by Housing Staff, whileapartment-style
residence halls are inspected monthly. Fire extinguishers are checked monthly in apartment style residences

; ; University of South Carolina
page 28 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
All students are informed about the Visitation Policy for their specific residence, and held accountable for violations of the policy

Students whoviolate Housing policyorwhocreate safety hazards are met with individually to be held accountablefortheiractions andto
reinforce their roles as responsible members of our Housing and University Community

Other Crime Prevention Programs

The Office of Professional Development offers a yearly Violence in the Workplace Workshop for faculty and staff and is in the process of
developing new presentations to bring the University in compliance with recent amendments to the Violence Against Women Act

TheUniversitydoesnothaveanyofficialstudentorganizationsthat havehousingfacilitiesoff-campus Thereareseveralrecognizedstudent
organizationsthatoccupyprivatelyownedhouseswithinthecampusboundariesofGreekVillage; DLES respondstocallsforservicesfrom
these houses

; ; University of South Carolina
page 29 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Monitoring and Recording
Criminal Activity Including Off-

Campus Organizations

 
Some official student organizations, including faith based organizations, own private, non-residential facilities off campus. Ifa local law
enforcementagency is calledtorespondtooneof those facilities, they may notify the DLES of the situation, althoughthis would bedone
asa courtesy and not obligation. DLES works with neighboring jurisdictions in identifying criminal activity by students at noncampus
locations.Reporting proceduresare established betweenneighboringjurisdictionsand DLES toallowforthedocumentationof criminal
activitybyUniversitystudents inthosejurisdictions withinformationprovidedtothe University’sOfficeofStudentConductandAcademic

Integrity

Access to Campus Facilities
Residence Halls

Most residence hall entrances are staffed with Housing personnel These employees are charged with the responsibility of
checking the identification of those entering the residences and have direct contact with the Division of Law Enforcement and
Safety (DLES) by telephone. Some residence halls, such as DeSaussure, Thornwell, and Woodrow, are apartment-style and have
no security guard or Housing staff at their entry. All residence halls are within a designated patrol sector and patrolled by DLES
officers day and night The Greek Village is also patrolled by campus police officers day and night, and some of the houses located
there are equipped with access control systems They are locked at night, and can only be accessed by authorized students and
staff

Classrooms

Classroom buildingsand individualroomsareunderthe protection ofthe DLES. These buildings are within designated patrolsectorsand
arepatrolledtwenty-fourhoursaday,sevendaysaweek.Academicbuildingswithaccesscontrolsystemscanonlybeentered byauthorized
persons after hours

Libraries and other Public Buildings

To maintain a secure campus environment, DLES gives extra attention to University areas open to the public in the routine patrol plan.
Staff located in these areas assist with monitoring the campus environment as well; Thomas Cooper Library uses Closed Circuit TV
(CCTV)cameras,andstaffcheck packages and bagsas visitors exit the building. Allpublic buildingsoncampusare staffed with University
personnel whoare instructed onthe best method of contacting DLES. DLES patrols all publicareasand buildingsoncampus, providinga
twenty-four hour law enforcement presence

Athletic Stadiums, Coliseums, and Arenas

CCTV and/or alarm devices monitor most of the areas in whichathletic contests are held. Before, during, and after events, DLES officers
and/orcontractsecurity personnelpatrolandmaintainapresenceintheareato promoteasafeenvironmentandreportanysecurityissues
Suspicious activity observed by contract security personnel is reported to DLES by two-way radio or telephone. Security measures are
customized for the activity to be held

Garages/Parking Lots

Some garages and parking lots have CCTVcameras, and most have Emergency Call Boxes placed inconspicuous locations. Peopleusing
thegaragesandparkinglotsareencouragedtoreportanysuspiciousactivityto DLES.Officersregularlypatrolthe University’s garagesand
lots

; ; University of South Carolina
page 31 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
General Campus

In addition to the routine patrol plan of the Division of Law Enforcement and Safety, certain days of the week and weekends are chosen
inwhichhighvisibilitypatrolsareimplemented.Thesepatrolsaredesignedtoexhibitaconcentratedlawenforcementpresenceinareasof
thecampus frequented by students at night. Special campus events arealso common sites of high visibility patrols. DLES officers and/or
contract security, at the request of organizations sponsoring events, provide security at many campus activities

Security Considerations in the Maintenance of Campus Facilities

Facilitiesand landscaping are maintained ina mannerthat minimizes hazardous orunsafeconditions. DLES regularly patrolsthecampus
andreportsunsafephysicalconditionstoFacilityServicesor Housingforcorrection. Housingresidentsorothermembers ofthe University
Community also report equipment problems or potentially hazardous conditions to DLES, Housing, or Facility Services

; ; University of South Carolina
page 32 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Missing Resident Students

 
Reporting a Missing Student

When anyone has reason to believe that a student who resides in campus housing is missing, they should immediately notify DLES at
803-777-4215 or call 911. DLES will generate a missing person report and initiate an investigation.

Universitypolicystatesthatwhenaresidentstudentismissing,reportsshouldbemadeimmediatelytoany Residence Lifestaffmemberor
directly to DLES. Inthe event that Residence Life staff is made aware that an on-campus residential studentis missing, they willimmedi-
ately contact DLES and file a missing person report

Housing staff is required to provide law enforcement with the following information:

+ The name, building, and room number of the student who is considered missing;

+ The name(s) of those who initially reported the student missing (friends, roommates, family, etc);

+ Contact information of person(s) provided by student in the event the student is determined to be missing (which
is optionally given and kept confidential) as listed in the assignment database; and

+ Emergency contact information of the missing student (which is kept confidential)

Courtesy and Student Welfare Inspections

Parents orlegal guardians ofa resident student whoare unabletocontact their child and, who believe that the student may be indanger
orhave suffered a medical debilitating condition may contact DLES. DLES willdispatch an officer to the student’s on-campus address to
determinewhetherhe/sheneedsemergencyassistance Theparentorlegalguardianwillbeinformedofthestudent’sstatussubjecttoany

limitations under federal or state law

; ; University of South Carolina
page 34 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Timely Warning Notices

(Crime Alerts, Campus Safety
Advisories, and their Distribution)

 
Policies for Making Timely Warning Reports to Members of the Campus
Community

The University of South Carolina makestimelywarningsto the University Communityregarding certaincrimesconsideredto bea serious
orcontinuing threat to students, faculty, staff, and visitors when reported tothe Division of Law Enforcementand Safety(DLES),andsuch
warnings will not compromise an on-going criminal investigation.

Generally, DLES willissueatimelywarningforthefollowingcrimes, whenthereis reason to believe that perpetrators ofcrime may present
a threat to the University Community and such disclosures would not harm investigation of incident or apprehension of the subject:

+ Murder and non-negligent manslaughter;
+ Manslaughter by negligence;

- Sex offenses;

+ Robbery;

+ Aggravated assault;

+ Burglary;

+ Motor vehicle theft; and

+ Arson.

Anumber offactors are considered to determine if there is an ongoing threat to the University Community thatwould make it necessary
to issue a timely warning. Although the University is not required to provide notification for non-Clery Act crimes or when the incident
doesnotoccurwithin Clery Act geography, DLES may decide thata warning must beissuedifacrimehasthe potentialtocompromisethe
safety of the University

Circumstances for Which a Warning Will Be Issued
The following factors and circumstances will be considered when issuing a timely warning:

+ The nature of the crime;
+ The continuing danger to the campus community; and

+ The possible risk of compromising law enforcement efforts

When determining the content of the warning, the University will include as many available details as possible, including:

+ Type of alert;

+ Location;

+  Suspect(s) description;
+ — Incident summary; and

+ Any information that promotes safety and aids in the prevention of similar crimes

; ; University of South Carolina
page 36 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Ways Warnings are Disseminated
The University may send timely warnings by various communication media including:

+ University e-mail;

+ Carolina Alert social media;
+ Carolina Alert RSS feed;

+ Carolina Alert website; and
+ DLES website

Additionally, warnings or advisories affecting the University Community will be posted on the DLES web site on the crime alert page:
http://bit.ly/1JGV46m

The DLES Associate Vice President-Chief of Police or his/her designee will beresponsible for authorizing and issuing timely warnings, on
behalf of the University

; ; University of South Carolina
page 37 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
JE

ee ee oe oss

    

 

rc

{
When it is determined that there is an emergency or dangerous situation that poses an imminent threat to the safety or health of the
Carolina Community, specific University personnel are responsible for activating the Carolina Alert System. The University willimmedi-
ately notify the appropriate segment(s) of campus using one or more of the communication mediums in the Carolina Alert System.

Uponreceivingareportornotificationregardingasignificantemergencyordangeroussituationinvolvinganimmediatethreattothesafety
orhealthofthe UniversityofSouthCarolinaCommunity,the University willconfirmtheemergencyordangeroussituationanddetermine
thecontent before initiating an emergencynotification. Notification may not be madeifit would compromise or impede efforts to assist
victim(s), or contain, respond to, or mitigate the emergency

Activation Authority

Itistheresponsibilityofthefollowingauthorizedpersonstoconfirmanemergency,determinetheappropriatesegment(s) ofthecampus
community to receive a notification, determine the content of the message, and initiate the selected communication media within the
Carolina Alert emergency notification system:

+ University’s Division of Law Enforcement and Safety On-Duty Supervisor;

+ University’s Division of Law Enforcement and Safety (DLES) Emergency Management Coordinator;
+ — DLES Officer with the rank of Lieutenant or above;

+ DLES Deputy Chief;

+ DLES Associate Vice President/Chief of Police; and

+ Chairperson, University’s Executive Policy Group

When itis appropriate, the authorized individuals (or their designees) will consultthe next person in thechain of communication before
sendinganemergency message. However, ifthenext personis unavailable, oriftimedoesnotallowforadelayed warning,approvalisnot
necessary

Confirmation of an Emergency

If the person(s) authorized to send a message has not confirmed the emergency first-hand, they will contact the DLES on-duty shift
supervisortoreceivean update Theymayalsochoosetocontactsurroundinglawenforcementagenciesandemergencyresponseagencies
for more information.

Determining Where on Campus to Send Notifications
Those authorized to send a message will also determine which segment(s) of campus will be notified

The entire campus community may be notified ifthere is the potential for a very large segment of the community to be affected by the
situation, or when the situation threatens the operation of the entire campus

Ifemergency conditions are isolated toa specific part of campus, notifications may be made tothat specific area instead of notifying the
entire campus. As the incident progresses, personnel will monitor the situation and notify additional areas of the campus if needed

; ; University of South Carolina
page 39 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Communication Media
The following is a list of communication media the University may use to send an emergency notification:

+ Carolina Alert Website: visit www.sc.edu/CarolinaAlert;
+ Facebook;

+ Twitter;

+ University Website www.sc.edu;
+ Outdoor Warning Sirens;

+ Tone Alert Radios;

+ Voice Over Fire Alarms;

- Digital Signage;

+ Alert FM;

+ Text Alerts;

«E-mail;

+ Emergency Information Line;

+ 90.5 WUSC Radio;

+ Blackboard Announcement;

+ Fire Alarm;

+ Vehicle Public Address Speakers;
+ Bullhorns; and/or

+ Media Advisory

Not all media will be used for every notification. Every incident is unique, and authorized personnel will use communication methods
based on their reach, effectiveness and location.

Thefollowing guidelines are used toassistauthorized personnel withselectingcommunicationmedia, andtoprovidethecommunityan
understanding as to which forms of communication may be used in different scenarios

Requires Action: Ifa situation exists that poses an immediate safety risk and requires persons to change their behavior (e.g. seek shelter,
evacuate), information may be pushed using disruptive media (e.g. sirens, Alert FM, text messages, TV message crawler).

Public Notification: If a situation exists where persons should be notified about an incident that is not immediately life threatening
(e.g.crime alerts, situations that have already been contained), media suchas the Carolina Alert website, social media, or others may be
used to communicate the information.

Determination of Message Content

The person(s) authorized to senda message willalso determine thecontent ofthemessage Therearea numberof pre-scripted, pre-ap-
proved messages from which authorized person(s} may choose from.

; ; University of South Carolina
page 40 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Initiating the Notification System

Oncetheauthorized person hasconfirmedtheemergency, selected theareasofcampusthat need tobenotified,chosentheappropriate
communicationmediatouse,anddeterminedthecontentofthemessage, he/shewillcallthepersonnelresponsibleforphysicallyactivating
each individual communication method

Follow-Up Communication

Onceamassnotificationisissued, the personwhoauthorizedthenotificationwillimmediatelycontactthe University EmergencyManage-
ment Team Executive Policy Group

Theinitialnotificationshouldbefollowedbyasubsequentmessage(s)that provides greaterdetailoftheincidentand/orprotectiveaction
recommendations Iftheincidentrequiresanextendedresponsetime,subsequentinformationreleasesshouldbedonesoatthediscretion
of the University Public Information Officer or designee

Disseminating Information to the Surrounding Community

|fadangeroussituationexistsoncampusthathasthepotentialtoaffectthesurroundingColumbiacommunity, thepersonwhoauthorized
thealert will notify DLES dispatch to call Columbia - Richland 911 Communications Center, or the appropriate authority dependent on
the nature and type of emergency, to make the determination to initiate its community notification process

Emergency Notification Tests

The Carolina Alert System is tested at least once a year to ensure the system is operational and to introduce members of the Carolina
communitytothemethodsinwhichtheycanreceivenotificationsduringanemergency Thetestalso providesinformationregardingwhat
to do in the event of an actual emergency

AsummaryoftheUniversity’semergencyresponseandevacuationproceduresisdistributedinconjunctionwithatleastoneannualtest per
year

After each test or activation of the Carolina Alert system, a brief after action report is written to evaluate the event against measurable
goals Thisdocumentincludes: purpose,date/time, whetherthetestwasannouncedorunannounced, participants, description,successes,
shortcomings and corrective action recommendations

Additional information concerning Carolina Alert can be found at: www.sc.edu/CarolinaAlert

; ; University of South Carolina
page 41 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Alcohol And Drug Policies and
Programs To Prevent Alcohol
and Drug Abuse

Me

ey

be.
nel oe

5

i
oy
Ki

 
The University of South Carolina treats theabuse ofdrugs andalcoholasaserious concern. The University is incompliance with the Drug-
Free Schools and Communities Act of 1989 and has established the Office of Substance Abuse Prevention and Education (SAPE), under
the guidance of the Vice President for Student Affairs and Academic Support

The University’s drug andalcohol policy is made available to allinterested parties. Students, faculty, and staff are encouraged to read the
entire drug and alcohol policies located in the office of the Vice President for Student Affairs and Academic Support and online at“Sub-
stances Abuse Preventionand Education’ locatedathttps:/Awww.sa.sc.edu/sape.Analcoholanddrugeducationandcounselingprogramis
also provided. Additional information is available by calling (803) 777-3933.

The Division of Law Enforcementand Safety (DLES) works closely with the Office of Student Conduct and Academic Integrity (OSC) and
SAPEtoeducatethestudentpopulationconcerningtheresponsibleuse ofalcohol. Althoughevery situation isdifferent, officers typically
refer student violators of the state’s alcohol laws toOSC for counseling andstudentdiscipline Violations of the state’s underage drinking
laws may be enforced through filing appropriate criminal charges and are usually handled by OSC witha referral from law enforcement
Violations of drug laws are usually handled through the local criminal justice system. The vast majority of first time offenders are usually
allowed to entera diversionary program, referred to as Pre-Trial Intervention, which is coordinated by the local solicitor’s office. Student
violators of drug laws are also referred to OSC.

Policy regarding the possession, use, and sale of alcoholic beverages

No person under the age of 21 may purchase, possess, or consume any alcoholic beverages, and no person shall sell or give alcoholic
beverages to anyone under 21 years of age anywhere at the University of South Carolina - Columbia.

Personsandtheirguests21 yearsofageandoldermaypossessandconsumealcoholicbeveragesinindividualcampusresidencehallrooms
orapartments on campus, butnotin thecommunalareas ofa residence hallon campus suchas lounges, balconies, decks, or bathrooms

Common source containers of alcohol (e.g., kegs) are not permitted on the University of South Carolina - Columbia premises any time

Alleventssponsoredbyanyentityinvolvingalcoholicbeveragesin Universityownedorcontrolledfacilitiesmustberegisteredthroughthe
Office of the Dean of Students. Upon submission of the Alcohol Event Registration Form, specific information and requirements will be
requested

Any container of alcohol being transported must be sealed and covered while on University premises

Noperson, organization orcorporation maysellanykindofalcoholicbeverage onthecampusofthe University, unlessthereisanalcohol
permit to do so

Noalcohol may be served or consumed in any University building or open space except as provided in the Alcohol Event Registration
Form. This includes personal consumption as well as consumption at a private party event

Guidelines for Students

Students must adhere to the Student Code of Conduct and the General Guidelines for the University Community as well as all federal,
state, and locallaws andordinances. In addition, students should be aware ofthe following that underthe Family Educational Rights and
Privacy Act (“FERPA”), the University may disclose the result of a disciplinary proceeding toa parent or guardian solongas the student is
under the age of 21 atthe time of the incident and the proceeding has resulted in a violation of University drug oralcohol policies or any
federal, state, orlocallaw The University may also notify a parent or guardian of a student under the age of 21 of any sanction that places
thestudentonhousingorconductprobation (officialnoticethatanyadditionaloffensemayaffectthestudent’sabilitytoliveoncampusor
attend theUniversity), orthatresultsin removalfrom University Housingortheinstitution (e.g., housing removal/relocation, suspension,
or expulsion).

; ; University of South Carolina
page 43 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
The University may also notify a parent or guardian upon a second violation of the University alcohol policy. Finally, the University’s
Student Care and Outreach Team will notify a parent or guardian ofa student under the age of 21 where the consumption of alcohol has
resulted in the hospitalization of the student. For more information or for Consent to Release Information waiver, refer to the Office of
Student Conduct

Policy regarding the possession, use, and sale of illegal drugs

TheUniversityofSouthCarolina—Columbiasupportsstrictenforcementoflawsconcerningthepossession,consumption,anddistribution
of illegal drugs and controlled substances as set forth in the South Carolina Code of Laws, Title 44, Chapter 53. Students, as citizens, are
responsibleforknowingaboutandcomplyingwith SouthCarolinalawsconcerningillegaldrugsandtheuseofothercontrolledsubstances

Students areresponsibleforabiding bythe StudentCodeofConductand local, state,andfederallaws whetheron oroffcampus.Failureto
dosocanresultincriminal,civil,and University proceedingsand sanctions. Students and student organizationsthatareinviolationofthe
lawarealsoviolatingtheStudent CodeofConductandcanbeheldaccountableunderbothseparatesystems Violationsofthe University’s
drug policy as well as other regulations contained in the Carolina Community will be referred to appropriate University offices

Therisks associated with the misuse of alcohol, illegal drugs, prescription medications, and other substances are numerous and include
physicalandmentalimpairment,emotionalandpsychologicaldeterioration,addiction,infectiousdisease,andadverseeffectson pregnancy
There are obvious risks, suchas suffering a hangover, driving under the influence or committing other crimes, and sustaining or causing
personalinjury Thereareanumberofless obvious risks associated withalcoholandotherdrug misusethat students andemployees may
not realize, including: poor academic and/orjob performance, initiating nonconsensual sexual activity, and jeopardizing future career
prospects. Inaddition,alcoholandotherdrugmisuseputstheuseratconsiderablehealthrisk,whichcanincludenausea,vomiting, cancer,
liverdamage, elevated bloodpressure, psychoticepisodes, hallucinations,andoverdoseleadingtodeath.Achartontheusesandeffectsof
controlled substances can be found https://bit.ly/2VkeJJb

Substance Abuse Prevention and Education

The Substance Abuse Prevention and Education Office (SAPE) is located on the third floor of the Strom Thurmond Wellness and Fitness
Center and is open Monday through Friday during regular business hours. SAPE provides resources about alcohol and other drugs
including DVDs, flyers, brochures, journaland newspaper articles, andlocal andnationwide data from surveys. SAPE maintains relation-
ships with and listings of alcohol and drug support groups and resources in the Columbia and Midlands area of South Carolina.

Educational Programs

Students Taking Initiative and Responsibility (STIR): The mission of STIR is to help students identify high-risk behavior, reflect on their
decisionmakingskills,andtakeactiontowardsmakingsaferchoicesandreducingpotentialnegativeconsequences Thecoursedesignis
a two-session individualized meeting with SAPE graduate students. Participants are typically sanctioned to the STIR program by their
conductadministratorsforanalcoholordrug violation, butstudentsmayalsovoluntarilytake parttoexploretheirchoicesaboutsubstance
use

AlcoholEdu: AlcoholEdu is a required educational program and assessment that measures students’ attitudes and perceptions about
substance useand abuse Thecourseis taken intwo parts, both of which are completed online. Part|takes about two anda half hours to
complete, and is done beforethe student arrives on campus. Partlltakes approximately 15 minutes, and istaken 30-45 days afterthefirst
part is completed. All new and transfer undergraduate students must complete AlcoholEdu

Sexual Assault Prevention for Undergraduates: This program is a required educational and training module about sexual

assault prevention. Thecourseuses realistic scenariosand skill-building exercises. Similarin structuretoAlcoholEdu, itis broken intotwo
parts. Part takes around an hourand a half to complete. After a 30-45 day waiting period, students must complete Part Il, which takes
about 15 minutes

; ; University of South Carolina
page 44 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
YN
Y
_
ae
_

©
~~

YN
is)
=
a
U

 
How We Compile These Statistics

Aprimarypart ofthe Annual Securityand Fire Safety Reportis the statistics related tocrimethat have occurred atthe University duringthe
preceding calendar year Toassist in evaluating the statistics in context, the preceding three calendar years are provided for your review

DLES, in compiling the annual statistics, coordinates with law enforcement partners as well as University Campus Security Authorities
DLES, along with the Richland County Sheriff's Department and the City of Columbia Police Department, share information about
criminal incidents through the Lexis/Nexis Community Crime Map

Community Crime Map

TheCommunityCrime Map(www.communitycrimemap.com)isacrimemapping program madeavailabletoboththegeneralpublicand
lawenforcement.The programallows site visitors toseecrimedataoveramap ofthecounty Throughthe Community Crime Mapsystem,
DLES, the Richland County Sheriff's Department, and City of Columbia Police Department can share crime data, crime intelligence, and
criminal reports This program alsoallows DLES, when compiling the Annual Security and Fire Safety Report to directly retrieve informa-
tion about crimes occurring off campus or on public property investigated by another agency

Apublic version ofthe Community Crime Map program is alsoavailable The publicsystem allows ausertosearchcrimes byaddress or by
clicking on Columbia, South Carolina. Theuserinterface shows amapofaparticulararea with incidents clearly marked. Byclicking onthe
incident location pin, the user obtains basic information aboutthe incident such as:type of crime; location type; block-level address; and
incident date and time

Sex Offender Data

Sex offender data is maintained and provided by the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED), which may be accessed via the
following link: http://scor.sled.sc.gov

Registered sex offenders are prohibited from living in Campus Student Housing. Individuals found in the registry are not necessarily
students, faculty, or staff. Individuals registered maycarryona vocation atthe Universityof South Carolina suchasacontractororsubcon-
tractor

Crime Data

TheCleryActrequiresthe Universitytoreportdataregarding specificcrimesthat happenwithina defined geographicalareatothe United
States Department of Education and then disclose the data to the general community This area is referred toas “Clery Geography” and
encompasses On Campus (including the subset of On Campus Residence Halls), Non-Campus, and Public Property These terms create
consistency in the way crime data is collected and reported across college campuses

For purposes of the Clery Act and understanding disclosed data, the following definitions are used:
1) On-Campus is defined as either —

a. Any property —

Owned or controlled by the University;

That is reasonably contiguous to other University owned property; and

That is used by the University in direct support or in relation to the University’s educational purpose

OR

; ; University of South Carolina
page 46 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
b Any property -
Owned but not controlled by the University;
That is used frequently by University students; and

That is used to support the University’s educational purpose

2) Non-Campus is defined as either -

a. Any property —

Owned or controlled by the University;

That is used by the University to support its educational purposes;
That is frequently used by students; and

Is not considered part of the core campus

OR

b Any property -

Owned or controlled by a student organization; and

That the student organization is officially recognized by the University

3) Public Property is defined as any property
Owned or controlled by governmental entities such as thoroughfares, streets, sidewalks, and parking facilities;

That is within the campus, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from the campus

An example of On-Campus property would be many of the University classrooms and buildings located throughout
its core campus. Non-Campus areas include Williams-Brice Stadium. Public property would be the public sidewalk

located in front of the Horseshoe

The crimes are collectively referred to as “Clery Crimes”, The Clery Crimes consist of four categories of offenses: 1) Index Crimes; 2)
Violence Against Women Act crimes; 3) Hate Crimes; and 4) Possession Crimes

The Index Crimes include: 1) Murder/Non-Negligent Manslaughter; 2) Manslaughter by Negligence; 3) Sexual Assault 4) Robbery; 5)
Aggravated Assault; 6) Burglary; 7) Motor Vehicle Theft (including Mopeds); and 8) Arson. The Violence Against Women Act Crimes
include: 1) Domestic Violence; 2) Dating Violence; and 3) Stalking

Hates Crimes are defined as“a criminal offense committed against a person or property which is motivated, in whole or in part, by the
offender’s bias “Where hate is a motivating factor the University is required to report hate crimes that involve any Index Crime as wellas
any of the following: 1) Larceny-Theft; 2) Simple Assault; 3) Intimidation; or 4) Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property

Possession crimes include violations of law for the following crimes: 1) Weapons Possession; 2) Drug Offenses; and 3) Alcohol Offenses

; ; University of South Carolina
page 47 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Criminal Statistics for Index Crimes

On Campus

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gree ROM aE=s) Total On Campus Een ee Non-Campus Public Property
19 ‘20 ‘21 19 ‘20 21 ‘19 ‘20 ‘21 19 ‘20 21
Murder/Non-negligent 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
manslaughter
Manslaughter by o | o 0 ofof}o f]ofolfotlolfotd|o
Negligence
Rape 5 9 8 2 9 8 0 0 0 0 0 0
Fondling 11 1 4 1 1 3 0 0 0 1 0 1
Incest 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Statutory Rape 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Robbery 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0
Aggravated assault 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 2 0 0
Arson 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Burglary 14 | 10 8 6 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Motor vehicle theft 15 12 19 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 4

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Criminal Statistics for VAWA Offenses

Total On On Campus

VAS Cintas Campus Residence Halls

Non-Campus Public Property

 

19 ‘20 ‘21 19 ‘20 21 19 ‘20 ‘21 ‘18 19 ‘21

 

 

 

Domestic Violence 2 1 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
Dating Violence 6 3 2 4 2 2 0 0 2 0 0 2
Stalking 12 4 11 3 2 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

; ; University of South Carolina
fey-le iets) Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Criminal Arrests for Violations for Illegal Weapons,
Drugs, & Alcohol

 

 

 

 

Arrests for Weapons, Drugs, & ron oncampus | Non-Campus | Public Property
19 | ‘20 ‘21 19 ‘20 ‘21 19 | ‘20 | ‘21 19 | ‘20 ‘21

Illegal Weapons Possession 0 0 6 0 0 1 0 0 0 6 5 11
Drug Law Violations 83 9 6 63 5 0 0 0 1 85 19 27
Liquor Law Violations 9 2 4 5 2 1 1 0 2 15 16 16

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Disciplinary Referrals for Illegal Weapons,

Drugs, & Alcohol

Disciplinary Referrals for

 

 

 

 

Weapons, Drugs, oe a alll Non-Campus Public Property
Campus Residence Halls
& Alcohol
‘19 ‘20 21 19 ‘20 21 ‘19 ‘20 ‘21 19 ‘20 ‘21
Illegal Weapons Possession 2 2 3 2 2 3 1 0 0 1 0 0
Drug Law Violations 80 79 112 67 54 70 12 0 17 10 0 17
Liquor Law Violations 635 | 773 | 564 537 | 705 | 455 16 12 3 16 0 6

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Hate Crimes

The University did not experience any hate crimes, as defined by federal law, in 2019. However, in 2020 victims at the University experi-
enced two hatecrimes The first was for Intimidation ofa victim under the“On Campus’ category The second was for Aggravated Assault

against victims while“On Campus”. In 2021, there was 1 hate crime for Intimidation of a victim under the “On Campus” category

Unfounded

The University’s DivisionofLaw Enforcementand Safety unfoundedordeterminedthefollowingnumberofcrimes,otherwisereportable

were unfounded:

2019 = 1 Unfounded Case; 2020 = 2 Unfounded Cases; 2020 = 0 Unfounded Cases

page 49 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report

University of South Carolina

Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
Annual Fire Safety Report

 
Fire Log

The Housing facility fire log is kept at the DLES Records Unit located at 1415 Henderson Street, Columbia, South Carolina 29208. The
log includes This log includes the nature, date, time, and location of each fire

Education, Training, Drills, Evacuation, Reporting

AllResident Mentorsforeach housing facility are trained inthe use of fire extinguishers (toinclude use of witha live fire exercise), building
evacuation, proper reporting offires, the prohibitive use of extension cords and oversized light bulbs, blocking of fire sprinklers, and fire
alarmequipment Thetrainingeach Resident Mentorreceivesisthen providedtoresidentsofeachresidencehallinthefirstweeklymeeting
after move-in.

DLES Fire Safety provides training to faculty, staff, students and food service vendors oncampus The training is tailored to the audience
toprovidethemostapplicableinformationrelatedtotheirenvironment Thetraining consists of howtosafelyevacuatea building during
a fire situation or other emergency, by outlining exit awareness and potential obstacles Thetraining also includes howto minimize the
opportunity for fire and the proper procedures for reporting a fire The class is finalized with fire extinguisher training that includes a
summaryonthetypesoffireextinguishersandthepropertechniquefordischargingthem, withthe participants havingtheopportunityto
discharge a fire extinguisher on a controlled fire

Inaccordancewith state law andfor the safety of students, fire drills are conductedat various times throughout the semester. All persons
mustvacatethe buildingduringdrillsandremainoutsideuntilinstructedto return byresidencehallstaff. Evacuation proceduresareposted
in each residence hall

DLES holds anannual“Fire Safety Awareness Day”to coincide with’ National Fire Safety Week” in October of each year. During the event
amockresidence hallroomis constructedand fire hazards areintentionallycreated withintheroom. Students are encouraged toidentify
the hazard to win prizes The Columbia Fire Department assists and displays equipmentand rescue techniques Theroomis set on fire at
the end of the event to demonstrate how quickly a room will burn and how important it is to follow established fire safety policies and
procedures

All students and employees must evacuate the building or residence hall in the event of a fire and follow
the below procedures:

Some of these actions can be taken simultaneously:

The buildingshallbe evacuated. Inthosebuildingsthathavecodedalarmsystemsinwhichthealarmrings onlyonthefloorwherethe pull
station is activated, the general alarm shall be sounded to alert all occupants to evacuate;

DLES shall be notified by dialing 911;
Supervisory personnel should search the area in which the alarm was activated to determine the location of the fire;

The determination ifan alarmisa“nuisance fire alarm’ shall be made by Columbia Fire Department. Ifthe fire department is not present,
this determination shall be made by a representative from DLES - Fire Safety Office; and

; ; University of South Carolina
page 51 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
The fire alarm shall be silenced and reset only bya representative from the Columbia Fire Department or DLES when directed to do so by
one of the aforementioned entities

The University requires any fire to be immediately reported to the appropriate local authorities to include DLES.

Portable Electrical Appliances and Open Flames

The cooking of food in residence halls is primarily restricted to established kitchens The only cooking equipment allowed in rooms are
Underwriters Laboratories (UL) approved appliances that havenoexposed heating coils (such as coffee pots and sandwich makers)},and
microwaveovenswhichdonotexceedonecubicfootand/or700wattsof power.Oneprivatelyownedrefrigeratorperresidentispermitted
provided it does not exceed limitations established by the University. Extension cords and multiple socket plugs are prohibited due to
electrical circuitry design limitations as well as health, fire, and safety regulations. Surge protectors with a circuit breaker and an on/off
switchareapprovedfor useinroomsorapartments. Only one surge protector may be pluggedintoa socketandatnotimemayonesurge
protector be plugged into another surge protector

Inconjunction with University Policy, smoking and theuse of tobacco products is prohibited onall campus property. All members of the
University residence hall community, including visitors and vendors working on campus, are expected to comply with this policy

Noperson shallstarta fire orcreatea fire hazard on University property without University authorization. This regulationisalsointended
toprohibitthepossessionand/oruseofcandles, torches, incenseburners,otheropenflameapparatus,aswellasextensioncordsandother
devices or materials which may create a fire hazard if used without authorization or in unauthorized areas including, but not limited to,
residence hall rooms

Misuse of Fire Alarms and Safety Equipment

No person shall make, or cause to be made, a false fire alarm, or emergency report of any kind. No person shall tamper with, damage,
disable or misuse fire safety equipment including, but not limited to, fire extinguishers, fire hoses, fire alarms, and fire doors

Plans for Future Improvement

There are no current plans to modify the University’s residential fire detection and warning systems at this time

Fire Alarm System Monitoring and Fire Extinguishers

Allfire alarm systems in residence halls are monitored through central reporting. All residence halls have fire extinguishers installed per
national standards and undergo four fire drills per year

; ; University of South Carolina
page 52 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
University Residential Facilities

The following residential facilities have fire safety systems withaddressable fire alarms andarefully sprinkled Theterm“addressablefire
alarm’as used in these statistics includes devices that provide exact location, for example, suite number, bedroom number, flow switch
location, etc.ofalarm initiation. The location ofthe residence facility isalso provided belowthenameofthe facility. All University residen-
tial facilities undergo four fire drills per calendar year

+ Harper/Elliott (902 Sumter St.)

+ Sims (1501 Devine St.)

+ Delta Zeta (514 Lincoln St.)

+  Thornwell (1420 Pendleton St.)

+ Patterson (1520 Devine St.)

+ Kappa Kappa Gamma (520 Lincoln St.)
+ Nada Apartments (820 Henderson St.)
+ South Tower (614 Bull St.)

+ Beta Theta Pi (527 Lincoln St.)

+ McClintock (720 Bull St.)

+ South Quad (500 Sumter St.)

+ Phi Mu (6 Fraternity Circle)

+ Preston College (1323 Greene St.)

+ East Quad (1400 Blossom St.)

+ — Sigma Nu (515 Lincoln St.)

+ Rutledge College (902 Sumter St.)

+ Green Quad A (1216 A Wheat St.)

+ — Sigma Alpha Epsilon (509 Lincoln St.)
+ Maxcy (1332 Pendleton St.)

+ Green Quad B (1216 Wheat St.)

+ Alpha Delta Pi (508 Gadsden St.)

- Desaussure (902 Sumter St.)

+ Green Quad C (1216 C Wheat St.)

+ Kappa Delta (514 Gadsden St.)

+ Capstone (902 Barnwell St.)

+ Park Place (506 Huger St.)

+ YOUnion (1000 Whaley St.)

Alpha Gamma Delta (502 Lincoln St.)
Bates House (1423 Whaley St.)

Delta Delta Delta (520 Gadsden St.)
Columbia Hall (918 Barnwell St.)
Bates West (1405 Whaley St.)

Pi Beta Phi (526 Gadsden St.)
Woodrow (1415 Greene St.)

Wade Hampton (1528 Greene St.)
Chi Psi (508 Lincoln St.)
Pinckney/Legare (902 Sumter St.)
Honors Residence (1215 Blossom St.)
Gamma Phi Beta (527 Gadsden St.)
McBryde A (1309 Blossom St.)

Alpha Chi Omega (515 Gadsden St.)
Pi Kappa Phi (4 Fraternity Circle)
McBryde B (1311 Blossom St.)

Chi Omega (509 Gadsden St.)

Kappa Alpha (521 Lincoln St.)
McBryde C (1313 Blossom St.)

Kappa Sigma (808 Mark Buyck Way)
Alpha Gamma Delta (502 Lincoln St.)
McBryde F (611 Marion St.)

Zeta Tau Alpha (814 Mark Buyck Way)
650 Lincoln Building A/B (650 Lincoln St.)
650 Lincoln Building D (700 Lincoln St.)
McBryde G (613 Marion St.)

Alpha Xi Delta (820 Mark Buyck)

Fires at University Residential Facilities

The following fires occurred at a University residential facility in the previous three years
2021 - None

2020 - None

2019 - (1) Delta Zeta House (514 Lincoln Street) - fire resulting from a plastic cutting board catching fire while on a stove being used to
prepare meals. Estimated damage to property was $165 including disposal of all exposed food products. No injuries reported

(2) Honors Residence (1215 Blossom Street) - a mechanical fire occured ona trash compactor located ina garbage shoot There was no
report of monetary damages and no injuries

; ; University of South Carolina
page 53 Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Division of Law Enforcement and Safety
